Fix inspector navigation fns to work with pagination (#230)
clojure-emacs/orchard: CHANGELOG.md

## master (unreleased)

### Bugs Fixed

* [#216](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/orchard/issues/216): Fix some pagination issues with inspector navigation.

>   * `down` fn goes beyond current page. `next-sibling` and `previous-sibling` fns work in all pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `orchard.inspect/down` is now able to go beyond the current page. `next-sibling` and `previous-sibling` fns work in all pages.
```
